Code for DC => Civic Tech DC #3191 (#3255)
DCAFEngineering/dcaf_case_management: docs/INTRO_BLURB.md

All told, we've found that contributing to DARIA is a great way to leverage engineering and design skills to help abortion funds work, and by extension assist people seeking abortion care who are in a real tight spot.

* The DARIA codebase (and its README, and Issues list): https://github.com/DARIAEngineering/dcaf_case_management

> * Join the code for DC slack here: https://civictechdc.org/slack (we're in the channel #daria and tend to be pretty responsive)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Join the Civic Tech DC slack here: https://civictechdc.org/slack (we're in the channel #daria and tend to be pretty responsive)
```
